hi everybody so today I'm gonna be a
little bit more quiet than usual because
my brother is sleeping in the next room
and I know it's like 2:00 in the
afternoon so he just talked but anyway
apparently he's not sleeping he's
resting
so yeah it's like 2:00 in the afternoon
he's been sleeping I know I don't know
if you can hear him but he's talking but
just a little reminder before we get
into the video okay yes we should but
anyway before I get into the video our
contest is still going on so if you
don't know about it there will be a link
in the doobly-doo it's gonna go on until
Monday at 11:59 p.m. so we'll announce
the winner on Tuesday I'm really excited
for this contest so if you haven't
entered or you want to enter again it'll
be in the doobly-doo and yeah go and
enter so but this video is was requested
it's for arm be I'm sure you know
because of the title but it's for arm B
and it's a hair moisturizer the arm B
stands for revive and balance I didn't
know that my sister just told me and I'm
really cool anyway
the ingredients are open elk glycerin
organic avocado butter olive oil let's
see there's jojoba oil there's coconut
oil Jasmine absolute I can definitely
smell the Jasmine I don't know if you
can hear my brother again yeah there's
all kinds of things but I can definitely
smell jasmine here
that's gross there's a hair but smells
Jasmine very floral very just very
floral and nice and sweet it's very
strong if you don't like the smell I
would suggest not to get it but it's not
like their normal jasmine cell which is
terrible it's like so gross to me I mean
lots of people like their Jasmine so
this is a nice Jasmine very sorry my
brother's coming in from this room um
leave so it looks kind of like butter
mud looks like butter it's very thick
see it's not coming out even if I try
don't try because that would be bad but
it works well in like any hair cuz my
sister's hair is oily it's fine like
mine my hair is fine too
my hair is dry though um so she wants
she still wants her hair to be soft but
she doesn't want it to be oily so this
really helps lots of people love this it
works well in my hair I have it in right
now you probably can't tell I do only
put a little bit in but I really like it
it works really well for flyaways and
stuff it makes it feel so so so soft
makes it look really nice like one time
we were in the lush store and we had
like two other people like to other
people bought this and we weren't even
in there for that well I'm like maybe a
half hour which is long but like two
other people thought this just in a half
hour so lots of people like this and
lots of people asked for a review so
that's the review um really easy review
I mean it's really nice thing it's a
good size it's $20 about it's like 1895
so it's almost $20 um with taxes
so it's definitely worth it my sister
loves this this is not mine it's my
sister's I have a sample so I use it but
it's really nice um it's definitely
worth the price I know it is expensive
but it's worth it this lasts for so long
like we've had this for a really long
time and it's barely made a dent well it
has made a Babbitt it's a there's a lot
left in here it will probably last a
years I'm not sure when I expires cuz
it's rubbed off but anyway so yeah that
is basically it um again contest go
enter if you haven't or if you want to
go ahead and I'm sorry about my brother
he is up now and he just went to the
bathroom so um that was kind of annoying
that he got up during the video but
anyway thank you for watching and I'll
see you in the contest results bye